Yes I would like to introduce eight more boxes this time Well the contents are a bit different
I'd not change the I mean Kanpen'
I will introduce it because it has changed a little
Well now time is
To the aje article 4: 14414 minutes
November 4 Sunday water
So we introduce the west end not of Kampen
Something I never Mai have snow support of the red dot
Dürer is in the ordinary
Follow
It is I was eh true myself Kampen like that I bought a while ago
Also a Well I will try to last in this God theme
Absolutely Well cherish dealing with the case decided chan diplomatic
I think let's use that I deal
Ray exile's magnet
Contents I mean is attached also comes with Podocarpus good holder
It is as good as possible from inside
10,000 yen headache
There is a key ring
In eh Usavich hem bit
It is not a beautiful year E
It Is You not a Akiri Korekirenenko or Kirenenko Putin
I think it's Kirenenko Yes
Do not cry Well bran it hard star has put Hey seal here
Hard of alphabet seal came with when you bought this pardon
I'm hurt that put the seal of the star
First Gras If Izu and more day 3 b, not the contents of Einstein to actor
0.5 22 is included
I saw for the first time has entered ish today in the US Jen's true of God case
This is my size and length is this vertical length
There is a ruler too and it takes quite a while
I moved to this little child
Yes This is a rising solar panel
Hone light
It shines quite
I can see the time so I can not see the clock
Know with, but you'll notice here
Hmm
Nu Well unmarked Nde
I this is really like even though there is more of the plastic eraser struggling property
53rd
Home position 4 of 6 leather
I do not want if there is a big size I myself
Really contents I do not have only changed a little
Hurry up
Top green company
I'd is written me more here wonder if invisible
Middle It is the top is worried about kana stainless aluminum
This is such a sound
Don't move and get fat
Funny sound and say
Saying Taussa been angry Well once
eh
Play color 2
The pink and the dexterity This is a real kiss I use the position most for this
Jet stream red pen
0.7
Does Mase Really image quality worse TeSumi
Well this is a very nice form
Smart mode of brown went to 9 c Coleto was not a US Dr. Grip
When
Purple and blue 0.4 all
Ray
Hitech c Colleto at any time
The contents are included
And it has style fit the scene
It is light blue yellow green orange
Pen looks I Za' and pen cut scissors is about this
If you slide this black part, the holding part will come out and it will be scissors
I had not put it before
Well, after all you need to lend a good friend with necessary scissors.
I do not use myself, but I can use the law and the person
It does not turn anymore Yappa cans pen large next to
It is a mechanical pencil of Dr. Grip Pure White to sentence
It 's a pressure, I'm very fond of it, I think I'm using it most
Next in alpha gel slim type
It 's been a while
This is a civil party
This easy to write
It's pseudo single when I got home like this
It feels like this, but it is easy to write
I bought it a while ago tect 2 way The water of the light is not there
It looks like 20 but it's blue
If it's dry, it's so thin and color
You can see this iron issue of the swinger
I am a fresher
I come in evolution
In this it can lock a little bit Do not have a core even if it is locked down
Leave rash Once Tsu subscription Once you have during the public is
h good
2 day
This too has been Sapphiker
eh
Oh
Excuse me
Health in It is Manon color of the pilot s 3
Well I wanted to buy something cheap 0.3, but it was not well and
Photo Nde scene does not enter the
I made it to 0.5
It was easy over Truly but this is brat conference Me-chan
Day Cheng into
Well at 315 yen
It was not-
15 minutes for the palace
Say Truly easy to write
There is also a guy who's not transparent like this, but it 's a new color black and focus, but it's
I can not see this black part, but if this is being used gradually
I don't know where I came from, but it gets really black here
And luck is the color
I don't like the moment when it turns black
It is easy to wear
Then this time
Here's was the introduction of pardon at home
I'm looking for a request for winter, and I have not been there recently
I'd have KuchiRyooku introduction saying I is not singing
After all, Christo Island
I think I want to do something for the day
Oh
Then this time we introduced this